Autonomous Attorney Disclosure and Disclaimer {

*Last updated: 25 January 2023*

Please be advised: I am an attorney admitted to practice in the State of Maryland and the District of Columbia. Unless we have entered into a written and signed engagement letter providing for paid legal services, I am not your lawyer and do not represent you or your interests. 

From time to time I provide open source materials and generally engage as an "autonomous attorney" -- this means that in analyzing or discussing legal, regulatory or law-related matters, or creating related public or open source materials, I am representing myself or acting non-representationally in the context of belonging to a community of incentive-aligned supporters, typically of decentralized technology systems. Such communities and affiliated persons are not my clients, and I have no intention to treat their information as confidential or attorney-client privileged. I am acting on my own behalf, but will seek to provide accurate and honest information while observing my general nonrepresentational professional and ethical responsibilities.

In engaging as an autonomous attorney, I am not acting on behalf of any person or entity other than my law practice where so designated in writing, nor on behalf of any client (one with whom I have a signed engagement letter providing that I will act as their attorney). Any expressed views or provided analysis or other work product are provided “as is” for public discourse and discussion purposes only, on matters of interest with no guarantees of completeness, accuracy, usefulness or timeliness and without warranty of any kind, express or implied. If my views expressed in such autonomous attorney contexts are inaccurate or are interpreted or used in a manner that leads to some injury or detriment, there will be no legal recourse against me and an injured party will not be covered by malpractice insurance. In no event will I or my law practice be liable to you or anyone else for any decision made or action taken in reliance on the information in any work product or for any consequential, special or similar damages, even if advised of the possibility of such damages. Any views or open source materials I provide should not be used without, nor as a substitute for, consultation with professional accounting, tax, legal or other competent advisers.

I currently act as external general counsel for the API3 Foundation, but I may separately provide non-privileged views and materials as an autonomous attorney in the API3 DAO, LexDAO, and other decentralized technology communities from time to time. I may have economic interests in, and separate engagements and contractual obligations with, various entities and persons related to the foregoing, and I also use and hold various other cryptocurrencies, tokens, stablecoins and other digital assets from time to time.

I assume no duty and provide no guarantee of keeping these disclosures up to date, but currently anticipate updating them from time to time to reflect the changes I deem sufficiently material to warrant disclosure. 

For more about autonomous lawyering, please see [this piece by Gabriel Shapiro](https://lexnode.substack.com/p/autonomous-lawyering) and [this piece by Open, Esq]( https://openlawesq.medium.com/autonomous-lawyering-using-openlaw-dad9c604975b). This disclosure was adapted from [this precedent](https://github.com/LeXpunK-Army/lawyer_disclaimer_template). 

}
